Release V2.3.1:

Additions:
+ Integrated Proxy by shBLOCK_
+ Integrated NBYT by scleox
+ Dynamistics by Eutropium


Changes and fixes:

= Added a new icon and title to the game.
= Disabled the wither naturally spawning in dungeons, will be replaced with other mobs in later updates.
= Hugely nerfed Everlasting abilities.
= Completely disabled Draconium Ores.
= Removed previously disabled ores from Environmental Tech
= Changed name of 3X Processor to Advanced Ore Processor.
= Fixed a JEI crash from shift-clicking a noteblock.
= Modular Inscriber is now faster.
= Nerfed Environmental Tech's creative flight.
= Draconic dust is now generated instead of Draconium liquid which you'll need to process to create Draconium Ingots through a new modular machine.
= Completely removed Avaritia singularities.
= Disabled Unlimited Chisel Work's support for even more wood types.
= Added a new machine for Tier 6 Seeds that requires a new type of crux.
= Buffed the Wither boss.
= VanillaFix will now send errors to your logs instead of annoying you with notifications.
= Disabled Corail Tombstone's halloween event
= Added a custom launcher that checks for ram.
= Modular Machines now has support for crafting multiple items at once for a balanced amount of RF (I.E, if you insert 32 items, you'll get 32 outputs at 32x the cost of RF).
= Added more items to sieving.
= Changed custom starting gear.
= Added a new Modular Machine to turn Tier 3 Choomburgers to energy (This is going too far).
= Re-arranged scripts for better loading and debugging.
= 3x Ore Processor now only processes ores > ingots instead of everything earlier. [Currently WIP though and won't work in game]
